Oh, massively. I mean, certainly the mackerel, used to hand line for mackerel,
and that has changed massively. That was in the late 70s, early 80s. And we go out,
three men on a boat, hand lining, and it'd be nothing for us to catch, you know, maybe a
hundred dozen per man on the boat that morning, and go in and, you know, land by eight, nine o'clock
in the morning. Literally the deck, it'd be quite, it's quite amazing. We'd block the scuppers with
little slides, we'd slip bits of timber into the scuppers to block so they didn't all
pour out the scuppers. And you'd literally have to shuffle around deck through all the fish,
otherwise you'd be treading on them. And the deck would just be covered in a sea of,
you know, that deep, full of mackerel, and then you'd box them,
counting them. So it was, I think it was 10 dozen boxes, I remember. And you'd land them,
and they'd land them ashore, and they'd go then to the carriers. The carriers would all be there,
and then Morris House and Vans, or the Maxis, or whatever. Maxis were ideal, because you just
fit, fish boxes would fit perfectly in the back of an Austin Maxi. Go off driving around,
on their rounds, selling them. So that was, that has been, that has absolutely been transformed,
that's one transformation I've seen very, very much so.
Because it's not like that now.
Oh, nothing like, nothing like. And that's been devastating, not by hand lining for mackerel,
but by huge factory ships off Scotland, who literally can, you know, they can,
they can sort of fill the boat in one haul, they can scoop up, you know,
tons and thousands of tons of mackerel in one go. So that fish has been devastating.